Adds Troubleshooting Guidance to Watchmaker Documentation-Set (#3000)
plus3it/watchmaker: docs/troubleshooting/Windows/index.md

```{eval-rst}
.. image:: ../../images/cropped-plus3it-logo-cmyk.png
   :width: 140px
   :alt: Powered by Plus3 IT Systems
   :align: right
   :target: https://www.plus3it.com
```
<br>

# Windows Log-Files

> When using `watchmaker` on Windows servers, the primary log-file of interest will be the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `watchmaker` on Windows servers, the primary log-files of interest are:
```

> - [`c:\watchmaker\logs\watchmaker.log`](c_watchmaker_logs_watchmaker.log.md)
> - [`c:\watchmaker\logs\salt_call.debug`](c_watchmaker_logs_salt_call.debug.md)

Reviewer: This was kinda hard to see that the items were links. It was a bit more clear on the Linux side, so cribbing the language and setup from that page.

```suggestion
```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
c_watchmaker_logs_watchmaker.log.md
c_watchmaker_logs_salt_call.debug.md
```

Author: Yeah. I'm not super-jazzed by how Sphinx renders fixed-width fonts in links. It _should_ just do what standard markdown and standard HTML do (which is to say "use link-text _color_ for links, even if the font-style is fixed-width).

> Files. There can be other files in the `c:\watchmaker\logs\` directory, but the ones present will depend on what enterprise-integration features have been selected for `watchmaker` to attempt to execute and whether those integrations are configured to log independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There can be other files in the `c:\watchmaker\logs\` directory, but the ones present will depend on what enterprise-integration features have been selected for `watchmaker` to attempt to execute and whether those integrations are configured to log independently.
```
